add meta vault guide in Operator, update Introduction, and Create Reg… (#95)
stakewise/stakewise-docs: operator/create-regular-vault.mdx

- [Google Cloud Hoodi Faucet ↗](https://cloud.google.com/application/web3/faucet/ethereum/hoodi)
:::

## Getting Started

1. Navigate to the [StakeWise App ↗](https://app.stakewise.io) and go to the **Operate** page
2. Click the **Create Vault** button to begin the setup process

## Step 1: Select Vault Type

Vault type is set once at creation — select **Regular Vault**. You can optionally enable:

- **Private** — Restrict deposits to approved wallets only.
- **Block list** — Prevent specific addresses from depositing.
- **ERC-20 Token** — Stakers receive a token they can hold in their wallet and transfer to others.

## Step 2: Configure Vault Parameters

Configure your Vault parameters.
Most of these parameters are permanent — only the [Vault fee](/docs/fees/intro#vault-fee) can be changed after creation:

- **Vault capacity** – Set maximum [ETH capacity](/docs/vaults/customization#capacity) (default: unlimited ∞).

> - **Vault fee** – The fee percent your Vault will charge from users' staking rewards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Vault fee** – Vault fee percentage applied to users’ staking rewards, in addition to sub-vault fees.
```
